The Joe Rogan experience.
But that's why I was asking about like the full house days. Was it hard? Uh,
that's.
Interesting. Cause you were, you had a dirty act,
but it was blue until after.
And full house in the video show were simultaneous and they were family,
you know, seven o'clock at night on a Sunday I'm hosting videos.
I can't say here's another video. You know, you can't do that. Right.
And I didn't say, that much. In fact, few years ago, dice called me. He goes,
sag it. I've got to tell you something. We got to see each other, but also,
you know what, man, you stole my, my after you, uh,
after full house ended stole mine. I said, what did I steal? Well, you didn't.
Use to say as much. I still. Was he joking?
Kind of, but not really. But then he wanted, the tour would be,
so it was kind of like CJ dice.
Always half pranking. You, I love him. He's always half with you.
I started going on the road because of dice. I was just doing the store.
And this is when I was on news radio. And one day he, uh, were in the bathroom.
He goes, Hey, you should go on the road. And I'm like, yeah. And he goes, yeah,
you're funny. He goes, you don't want to be beholden these suckers. He goes,
these in the movies and their shows. He goes, he goes, you go on the road,
you make a good living. And I was thinking about it. I was like,
why don't I go on the road? So I just started booking gigs.
I literally just listened to him because first of all, you know,
I'm 27 years old. I can't believe dice is talking to me. Right.
And am I going to talking to dice? Like, and then he tells me to go on the road.
I was like, he's right. Why don't I go on the road?
So I started doing gigs here and there, you know? And then, um,
when I really started going on the road,
like what really was when I left the store that 2007
time when I left the store, that's when I started touring.
That was when I really started touring because I was kind of angry too.
I was like, you know, I put all that time into that place. And I was,
I thought what we're doing like that men see it thing. I thought that was,
we're doing the right thing. I thought that was a real problem.
And so when that was the reaction, I was like, okay, I'm going to show you.
I had this, this attitude, like, I'm going to show you.
And then I did my best work and nothing wrong with that. Yeah.
That was my best work was after that because I was, you know, my best,
my first real big special was 2009, just two years after that.
And then, um, you know, and I don't have any hate for that dude.
And I hope he gets better. Like I hope he's doing great. I really do.
I think, I think he has learned his lesson from.
Hope. He has. I hope people forgive him too. I don't, I think that's a problem.
You know, I think.
Many people have had it, you know, some very famous people have had it. No,
I didn't. I don't even mean that.
Yeah. Many people have had that like Robin. Right. You know,
a lot of people had that and yeah, his.
Healing and his loss is so in his talent is so gigantic
that he was just a vacuum cleaner of stuff here. He didn't. Yeah.
And I loved him beyond and he was.
He's. He was so yeah,
he's a he's he's from every a hundred years of Robin Williams comes.
Here. This is what it's, uh, you,
you brought up what was going on,
doing those family shows and then doing stand up, Richard,
Jenny comes into play.
Harris is kind of an interesting thing that you brought them up because he hits
me in the solar plexus. I did a, uh,
special while the two shows were in the top 10 full house.
And America's funniest home videos, long names to say,
they sound like I'm saying porn. When I say the names of the shows.
I was like dirty to me, full house.
Oh, that's so filthy. But, um, but I love doing family entertainment.
That's my, uh, many different sides.
I love doing stuff. The whole family can watch together.
I don't look at that and go, oh. That that's. You know,
that's not the cynical guy that can come out and be blue for the sake of blue.
I, I wasn't blue for the sake of blue. I just did what I did. You know,
just like you did what you did, you, your UFC stuff. It's like,
I wasn't doing anything athletic, but two,
I did an HBO special and it, it did well, but in the ratings or whatever,
but it was not good. And I made it so you can't see it. Uh, and Richard,
Jenny loved it. And he would say to me, I loved that special. And I was,
I was saying it, but it was like an hour long. And it took a half an hour.
It was about me being in a dream, trying to missing my gigs.
So I was trying to make a film because I wanted to be a filmmaker.
And then the next half hour was basically half hour standup.
And I just didn't do any of it. Right. You know? And,
but there were a couple of really funny moments in a couple of good bits. Um,
and Richard told me,
he thought it was one of the funniest specials and most invented that he'd ever
seen. And I was always thrown by that. And, and,
and I started to get more like, well, what do I want to do in standup?
And I was like, I, I just want to make people laugh. I just want to,
and then when the shows ended,
I started directing some stuff and then I did a special called that ain't right.
And that was the HBO special that upset a lot of people.
And also put me in rolling stone and Newsweek and all that.
That was because it was dirty. It obsessed a lot. Cause I was at, I was at a.
Subject matter as well. No. Yeah.
A little bit. I used as a verb a few times. I don't, I, you know,
you know, if it's an expressive.
Right. But it was your whew. I mean,
it's what I felt because that's what you had always been doing,
but they didn't expect that out of you because they wanted full house and
America's funniest home who would go.
To see that, what am I going to do? Hug people and clean.
You know, they wanted that sort of how.
We man, Dell thing kind of Holly's blue. He is blue sometimes, but not anymore.
But he does stand up. I saw.
Him at the laugh factory was actually talking about the dangers of doing a bit
that could get him fired from the show. Oh yeah.
She talked about that on stage that if he says anything wrong, I mean,
he's on the squeakiest of squeaky family entertainment, you know,
he went from deal or no deal to this other thing that he's doing now,
what does he America's got talent or yeah. Yeah. I mean.
He's been talking to him a lot. Um, he's.
Great. Yeah. He's a great guy. And he's been,
had a lot of mental health issues that he talked about in the book and his OCD
is just, uh, the outskirts.
Of it. How bad is it now with the coronavirus?
He's holding on a germaphobe yeah. Of the whole world. So by the way, somebody,
he wrote that down the whole world is how he Mendell now. Yeah.
I said something like, he's a prophet. I forget.
Who it was. I forgot who wrote.
Maybe it was Gaffigan. Someone, someone said that like that someone had, I love.
I love Jim. It was great. But anyway, uh, so, you know,
I don't know why people think that you're like a character you play in
something. Well that's you played that character for a long time, for so.
Long. And this was pre social media. This was pre podcast.
They just associated look bill Cosby. Okay.
For the longest time people thought bill Cosby, but I got it. Hi, bill.
Always was offended that I talked blue on stage.
Cause he said you don't need it. And when I would see him,
I would almost hear lucky saying in-between.
What did bill Cosby think about?
Kennison I want to know that I would have loved to seen that. I'm sure.
He does. He just disapproved anything, uh, blue,
but the truth is liquid. He acted out in his real life.
I would just do it.
That is why that's what boys club.
That he was in my boys club.
Or I hate to say that because it's so massage monistic but it was a
guy that looks like, I know what I look like. I look like your dentist,
your accountant, or somebody, maybe your gynecologist, if it's a good week,
but not yours, but, but, um, I'll continue. I swear.
I just had a moment of doing like 10 of those that go nowhere. But,
but the truth of it is for me to say that is the joke for me.
And that gets nowhere also.
So I have to have content and the more specials I did and the more I've done
standup, like I was about to shoot a new one this year.
I've got like an hour and a half of stuff. Of course.
So everybody's going to have 12 minutes of COVID,
but I dunno what it's going to be. But it was really,
I was about to talk about racial injustice, ready to go.
Cause I've got all this stuff when I was a kid and segregation and I was living
it and didn't understand it when I was six, seven years old in Virginia.
So it was like, I started to have, I have more,
much more in as much more intent in what I want to do right now. Um,
and make people laugh. I got to throw a Dick joke and just to make myself.